Add changelog for selfhosted v1.2.0 (#518)
spacelift-io/user-documentation: docs/product/administration/changelog.md

# Changelog

## Changes between v1.1.0-hotfix.1 and v1.2.0

### Features

- [Added OpenTofu support for Terragrunt](../../vendors/terragrunt/terragrunt-tool.md)

>     - **Important note**: in order to use this new feature, you need to recycle the worker pool. This is because new launcher versions are downloaded during the instance startup, and the old launchers do not support the new feature. Note: we recommend recycling the worker pools after each release anyway. The [native Kubernetes workers](../../concepts/worker-pools.md#kubernetes) are an exception to this rule since they dynamically download the launcher.

Author: @adamconnelly feel free to correct the grammar please

>     - **Important note**: in order to use this new feature, you need to recycle the worker pool. This is because new launcher versions are downloaded during the instance startup, and the old launchers do not support this new feature. Note: we recommend recycling the worker pools after each release anyway. The [native Kubernetes workers](../../concepts/worker-pools.md#kubernetes) are an exception to this rule since they dynamically download the launcher.

Author: ✅

- [Added `Trigger always` flag to Stack Dependencies](../../concepts/stack/stack-dependencies.md)
- Disabled the rate limiting for [policy sampling](../../concepts/policy/README.md#sampling-policy-inputs)

> - LaunchPad is a dashboard for newer Spacelift users that provides a guided tour of the platform

Author: ✅

- Added support for [OPA v0.64](https://github.com/open-policy-agent/opa/releases/tag/v0.64.0)
- Installation script:
    - [We added support for defining custom retention periods for all of the S3 buckets.](../administration/install.md#s3-config) If you don't specify it, they remain untouched.

### Fixes

> - Fixed a bug where some of the runs weren't scheduled due to being rate limited

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where some of the runs weren't scheduled because we attempted to checkout the same license from License Manager at the same time in parallel. Now license checkouts are serialized to avoid this issue.
```

Author: ✅
